Prepare version v3.10.0 (#1267)
realm/realm-studio: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Release 3.10.0 (2020-03-06)

[Changes since v3.9.0](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/compare/v3.9.0...v3.10.0)

### Enhancements

- Added a MongoDB Realm CTA to the marketing panel. ([#1266](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/pull/1266))

### Fixed

> - Fixed updating to the browser UI when another client updates the schema of a Realm. ([#1256](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/pull/1256))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed missing update of the browser UI when another client updates the schema of a Realm. ([#1256](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/pull/1256))
```
